Hello
Hi there!
How are you doing?
I'm doing great.
That is good to hear
Thank you.
You're welcome.
what is NBC bearings
NBC Bearings is the product of National Engineering Industries Limited (NEI), a part of the C K Birla Group, which manufactures a wide range of bearings for the automotive, industrial and railways. The company had a gross turnover of Rs 1352 crores in 2013-14.
tell me about NBC bearings
NBC Bearings is the product of National Engineering Industries Limited (NEI), a part of the C K Birla Group, which manufactures a wide range of bearings for the automotive, industrial and railways. The company had a gross turnover of Rs 1352 crores in 2013-14.
okay
Glad I could help!
How is my pay determined?
Typically, salary is determined by factors like title, skill set, level, location and more. There is a salary range for this position, and we offer candidates the salary that most closely matches the job role, as well as their specific education and experience 
Am I being paid fairly?
I think you are making a fair salary for your background and [based on] what I’m seeing in the market
Why don’t I make as much money as so-and-so?
If you are unhappy with what you are earning, then we can set up a meeting to discuss your salary.
Can I have a raise?
A raise is possible after a probationary period and yearly performance reviews, but if our firm isn’t growing, we won’t be able to justify a raise.
What can I do to get a raise/promotion?
Satisfactory job performance, of course, and showing that you are elevating us are two characteristics we consider.
What is my Take home pay?
As calculated, it is 80% of your CTC which covers accommodation and transportation facilities too.
Why is my take-home pay different than my annual salary?
your take-home pay will be specific to the tax forms you fill out during orientation. You will control/claim your own allowances, but you won’t be able to get an exact snapshot into your take-home pay until you submit the forms and receive your first payroll to HR manager.
What other things can we negotiate besides the base salary?
It’s always advisable to consider the full package, including benefits, perks, and incentives. Think about the other factors that you prioritize, such as extra vacation days, tuition reimbursement or remote work options.
Are there bonuses, overtime pay, or other potential opportunities to increase earnings?
While a higher base salary is typically most valuable in the long-term, sign-on or structured bonuses can add more money to the pot.
Can you break down the benefits and perks that might translate into income/savings?
The employer covers commuting costs and parking which saves hundreds of dollars per month.
How are future salary raises determined? How do people in this position typically grow over time?
Future Salaries are determined as per the government directions, to increase salaries by a factor of 1.1 annually. It also depends upon the future post the employee will be designated to and his overall contribution to the enterprise.
Is an employee still eligible for benefits if they are fired or let go?
Under the regulations of the XXX Enterprises Act, employees who were laid off or even fired are generally still eligible to stay on the employer-provided health care plan for up to 18 months, at which point they must cancel or switch to another plan. However, the employer will no longer be responsible for subsidizing the health care plan, in this case. An employee may also be eligible to receive their retirement benefits even after being fired or let go, depending on the nature of their retirement plan and how long they were working for the company.
Under which category should I file my income tax ?
Since you are working for an Enterprise, Archie advices you to file your tax under 16B.
How are my taxes being managed by the office, are they being deducted annually or do I have to manage then separately?
As per Company’s policy, your taxes are prededucted from you Salary  in the month of January.
Is there any facility of Gratuity ?
Yes.
Can you describe the Gratuity policy of the Company?
Gratuity policy states, 'Every employee after submitting their resignation letter or having been served with Termination letter, will be handed over with goodwill sum which calculates to .3% of his recent salary level of 6 months.'
What is floating holiday?
A floating holiday is a benefit some employers offer employees in addition to vacation or PTO. Typically, it’s a paid day off that is sometimes offered as a substitution for a public holiday. However, unlike a public holiday, a floating holiday may be used at an employee’s discretion, taken on a day they choose
Can floating holidays be carried over from year to year?
Floating holidays can be carried over from year to year for a period of 3 years only. After that they will be discarded.
Please tell the division of Holidays in a Calender year.
Gazetted Holidays. Earned Leave or Privilege Leave. Casual Leave. Sick Leave or Medical Leave. Maternity Leave. Half Pay Leave. Quarantine Leave. Study Leave
Can Archie list only religious holidays?
For year 2020, list of Gazette Holidays based on religious festivities are: Lohri, Shiv ratri, Holi, Ram Navami, Budhh Janyanti, Raksha Bandhan,Eid, Ganesh Chaturti, Diwali
What is the Holiday Policy for Interns?
As per the policy mentioned, Interns are entitled to all those Holidays that occur during their period of internship.
Can an employee take more than two weeks’ holiday during the summer period?
If the your request does not affect either their team members or the wider business as a whole, then yes you can. It is important to take into account the individual circumstances surrounding the leave request, and ensure that staffing levels are properly measured before officially granting it. Refer back to your official annual leave policy, and always ensure that you acting fairly.
For arriving at dues, which items need to be computed e.g. salary, leave encashment, frozen leave, gratuity, pending vouchers, medical claims, etc.? 1. Salary dues for all employees (resigned or continuing) will be computed. 2. For employees who have resigned on or before 20th June 2019, if applicable under law and / or their contract and arrangement with NBC Limited, leave encashment, frozen leave, and gratuity will be computed. 3. Pending vouchers, medical claims etc. (for expenses incurred before 20th June 2019) will be included in the claim where available, if applicable under law and permitted under their contract and arrangement with NBC Limited.
How often should I enter worked hours into my Archie timesheet?
Employees should input their hours every day they work, to ensure accuracy.
When should I SUBMIT my timesheet to my manager for approval?
Our best practice recommendation is that employees SUBMIT their timesheet for approval weekly instead of once at the end of the pay period.  However, please defer to your local unit best practice guidelines.
What happens in Archie when I work overtime?
Archie automatically calculates overtime hours based upon the employee's job and applicable contract. Overtime hours will display at the top of the employee's Archie timesheet as the hours are entered.
Can I revise my timesheet?
Yes, if the revision is within the current pay period, select the time block you want to correct and make the necessary corrections, or click ‘Delete’ to erase the time block completely. Then SUBMIT the revised time for your manager’s approval.
What are the rules for meal periods at NBC Bearings?
Employees are responsible for knowing the meal policy and for taking a full 30-minute lunch break and/or 20-minute dinner break, when applicable. If work interferes with a meal break, inform your supervisor. Supervisors are responsible for informing new employees of NBC Bearings’ policies and enforcing these rules. If an ongoing workload issue is interfering with meal periods, it needs to be escalated to local pay reps who can discuss the matter with labour relations when necessary. Currently, employees can clock in before the full 30-minute break; the system will prompt a soft warning regarding the NYS meal break regulations. Enter a comment to indicate why you are not using your 30-minute break.
Can my supervisor make changes to my timesheet?
Yes. Both your manager and your ‘timekeeper’ can make changes to your timesheet, even after you have submitted it.
I have questions regarding the types of benefits NBC Bearings offers and what I am eligible for.  Where can I find help?
You can find all benefits information on the Benefits Administration web site https://hr.NBC Bearings.edu/benefits/
How can I find out what benefits I am enrolled in, the coverage and their cost?
To find this information: Start with your Home page, click on the Benefits worklet icon and then select Benefit Elections in the View menu.   The details on this page include your benefits enrolment, your coverage and the associated costs.  This view will also provide this information and include additionally any Retirement Savings Elections.
Why don't see my additional life insurance under my benefits? I know I carry additional insurance for my husband and myself.
You may notice Archie is not displaying all of your benefit elections information. Certain benefit elections are only stored with NBC Bearings’ vendors. Examples include supplemental group life insurance, personal accident insurance and auto & home owner insurance. We encourage you to review the items on your payslip for the appropriate deductions.
Can my Manager view my benefits information in Archie?
No, only you and the Benefits Office staff with benefits roles in Archie can view your benefits. Payroll staff will see the deductions.
Can I change my benefits whenever I want?
You may change your retirement contributions and your life insurance beneficiaries at any time. Other benefit changes require a qualifying event such as adoption, birth of a child, marriage or divorce, except during annual Open Enrolment. All benefit changes will route to a Benefits Partner in the Benefits Office for approval.
When can I make changes to my benefit elections?
Benefit elections can be changed due to a qualifying life event. These events are: - become qualified for coverage under Medicaid or an S-Chip plan - birth/adoptive parent returns to work - birth of a child or adoption - death of a dependent - divorce - domestic partnership begins - domestic partnership terminates - employment ends for domestic partner - employment ends for spouse/dependent child - HSA savings - legal separation - marriage - qualification for coverage under Medicaid or an S-Chip plan ends - retirement savings
Can I enrol in new benefit plans due to these same qualifying events?
No. You can only enrol in new benefit plans during the open enrolment period.
How do I know when my request to change benefits is approved?
You will receive a notification in your Archie Inbox when the approval is complete. If you did not submit documentation or provide enough information about the change, the Benefits Partner may send the request back to you with a question or comment.
Why is my job profile different from my business title?
Your job profile is a generic, broad name for the type of work you do. Each job profile has a job grade, EEO code, and an exempt/non-exempt status tied to it. Because a job profile is more generic, it may not match your business title, which more specifically describes the work you are performing.
Who can see my specific job information?
Only you and those people who have an Archie support role for your organization will see your detailed job information. Everyone else will only see your business title in Archie.
I am an hourly employee but I work full-time, why does my FTE show a percentage other than 100%?
The FTE percentage is calculated in Archie by using the numerator of your Scheduled Weekly Hours and the denominator of your Default Weekly Hour, which is set at 40 for all full time positions in Archie. Based on the Scheduled Weekly Hours listed for your position, some hourly employees may have a FTE slightly less than the typical 100%. This will not have any impact on your benefits or pay; FTE is value used in workforce reporting.
How does Archie define my co-workers in the information directory?
Your co-workers are determined by your supervisory organization. Co-workers listed in the directory represent the employees who also report to your Archie Manager.
What academic appointment data is displayed within the graduation cap icon and where did it come from?
If you have an academic appointment at NBC Bearings, you will see an additional graduation cap icon on your employee profile page. The information displayed on this page was imported from our legacy, centrally managed, APBD system. Since this academic appointment data has not been distributed widely, there may be inaccuracies. If you have questions or concerns about your academic data as viewed in Archie, please contact your local human resources office.
How are multiple jobs handled in Archie?
Your primary job will be the primary (default) position listed in Archie. Information about all positions, including compensation information, will be kept in the system and viewable to the employee.
Why are my Total Salary and Allowances listed much higher than what I actually earn?
Within your job profile, on the Compensation tab, you will see the Total Salary and Allowances field. The method used to determine the value in the Total Salary and Allowances field in Archie is not accurate for NBC Bearings purposes. This value is greatly inflated if you receive any allowance payment. For this reason we are not currently using this field and employees should disregard the amount displayed.
How do I view by base pay and allowances if the Total Salary and Base Pay is not accurate?
Within your job profile, on the Compensation icon, there is a section entitled Plan Assignments. The details of your base pay and your allowances, including start and end dates, will be accurately displayed here.
What is my current PF balance ?
It is a confidential information. You need to log in through your credentials
my employee code is A34
Please enter the OTP
7788
Your PF balance is USD 0.4 Million
What is the expected salary I get based on my time sheet
You will be getting somewhere in between 43,000 if you don’t fall short of time hereafter till 30th of this month
I'm hungry archie!
You should eat something
Suggest me something
you need to have proteins, here is something you may like: 1.egg 2.Chicken 3.Rajma Rice
Great, I'll have salad
Have a nice meal!
    